Dungeon["MainRoom"] = Room("MainRoom", """You enter what appears to be the main entrance room of the ruined palace.
Four pillars stand, weathered and damaged, one in each corner of the room. Wooden torches surround the outer walls, unlit and rotting away. Moss grows through many cracks in the floor, ceiling and walls.
To the South is the entrance door, still slightly open from your entrance.
To the North is a large, impressive door with the old monarch’s family crest engraved onto it, a large bear stood upright, broadsword in its left hand, though its colour has faded with time.
To the East is a slightly less impressive but still grand door, more worn and weathered than the Northern door. The symbol of a throne is engraved onto this door.
To the West is an ordinary wooden door, far less grand than the others in the room. Time has taken its tole on this door however there is a vague chest engraving upon it."""
,{"W": "StorageRoom", "S": "Outside", "E": "ThroneRoom"})

Dungeon["StorageRoom"] = Room("StorageRoom", """The door gives a loud creek as you pass through into what was clearly once a storage chamber for palace supplies.
However, time and looting have left very few items in the room.
A large central shelfing unit runs down the centre of the room while wall mounted shelfs run along the two side walls.
A small carpet sits under part of the shelf, its corner crumpled to reveal part of a small hidden hole.
Nothing remains on the central shelf while the side shelfs are covered in the crumbs of food and shards of wood.
The only door to this room leads back into the main entrance area to the west."""
,{"E": "MainRoom"}, ["carpet","key"])

Dungeon["ThroneRoom"] = Room("ThroneRoom", """You open the door marked with the throne and find yourself (Rather predictably) in the main throne room of the palace.
At the far east end of the room lays the monarchs throne, fallen onto its side and missing the golden furnishings that marked it as the seat of the king.
Next to it in a similarly ruined state lays the seat of the monarch’s wife, it too has had all that made it valuable removed.
Oil Lamps (use oillamp to interact with these) line the walls, they too are unlit but still contain a small amount of oil, left behind by looters.
A tattered and faded red carpet stretches from the eastern door up to the thrones themselves.
To the West is the door to the main entrance room.
In the North Eastern corner of the room, behind both thrones, is a door with a cooking pot engraved onto it."""
,{"W": "MainRoom", "N": "Kitchen"},["oillamp"],["N"])

Dungeon["Kitchen"] = Room("Kitchen", """With a small ammount of force you open the door into the palace’s kitchen area.
Metal pots, pans and other cooking equipment are scattered around the room both across the many worktops and around the floor.
Small remains of food are strewn across the floor, too old for even the rats to eat at this time.
The only missing items from the room are large, sharp preparation knifes and the monarch’s famous solid gold cutlery.
On the ground by the door is a small box of Matches.
To the south is the door back into the throne room.
A small crate sits in a gap between the work stations on the western wall. It looks considerably less weathered and damaged than its surroundings."""
,{"S": "ThroneRoom", "W": "SecretPassage"}, ["crate", "matches"], ["W"])

Dungeon["SecretPassage"] = Room("SecretPassage", """You light the oil lamp with the match you have found and enter the secret passage;
the walls are rough and seem to have been dug in a rush. Cobwebs line the roof, but the spiders that made them are nowhere to be found.
The Eastern entrance leads to the kitchen.
The Western entrance appears to lead to into the Kings chamber."""
,{"W": "KingsChamber", "E": "Kitchen"})

Dungeon["KingsChamber"] = Room("KingsChamber", """You exit the secret passage and enter the kings chamber from behind a banner which bears the family crest.
The room appeared to once be the grandest in the entire palace, however now it stands in ruin with all items of value torn out and the chests looted.
A large bed sits facing along the centre of the northern wall, facing the rooms southern entrance.
Two paintings remain, likely un-looted due to the damage present on the artwork.
One hangs directly across from the passage and shows the entire royal family, the monarch with his wife by his side and their two children standing in front.
The second painting hangs above the large bed along the northern wall.
A small section of wall within the painting is missing, however the damage does not look to be due to age or looting.
In the south west corner there are 3 fragments matching the design of the walls piled one on top of the other.
Their size and shapes match that of the damage within the painting but each has a unique design painted onto it.
Use “look tile1” to view the first and “take tile1” to take it.
Use “look tile2” to view the second and “take tile2” to take it.
Use “look tile3” to view the third and “take tile3” to take it.
The large door leading back to the main room is locked even from the inside, no keyhole is visible"""
,{"E": "SecretPassage", "N": "EndRoom"}, ["tile1", "tile2", "tile3"], ["N"])

Dungeon["EndRoom"] = Room("EndRoom", """You enter the secret room and are taken aback, this room unlike all the others, looks untouched for years.
Many grand painting line the walls and torches fill every corner with light.
In the centre of the room is a large Golden chest. Bursting open with more golden coins. You have what you came for. You bested every explorer who failed.
Congratulations!
The End"""
,{})

Dungeon["Outside"] = Room("Outside", """You step back into the cold outdoors.
The sun shines brightly on your face as you walk away from the ruined palace.
This challenge has bested you., but you are not the first to have given up..."""
,{})